Project 2.5 
	In this debugging challenge you will fix mistakes in code for an online calculator. The code has already been written for you but there are several syntax mistakes you will have to locate and correct. You can use your browser’s debugging console to assist you in locating errors. When the code has been fixed, you will be able to run the online calculator show in figure 2-34 by clicking the calculator buttons and viewing the results in the calculator window. To erase the contents of the window, click the C button. 
 
1. Use your code editor to open the project02-05_txt.html and project02-05_txt.js files from the js02 project05 folder. Enter your name and the date in the comment section of each file and save them as project02-05.html and project02-05.js.
2. Go to the project02-05.html file in your code editor and in the head section add a script element to load the project02-04.js file, deferring the loading the external script file until the entire page is loaded. Review the contents of he HTML file. Notice that the calculators buttons are arranged in a web table with each calculator button having a separate id related to the button’s value. Save your changes to the file. 
3. Go to the project02-05.js file in your code editor. The first part of the code contains several event handlers for running functions in response to the click event. Within this section there are four syntax errors. Locate and fix those errors. 
4. The next section in the file contains the runCalculator() function used to edit the contents of the calculator window in response to the clicking of the calculator buttons. The calcValue variable will be used to store the text string of the expression in the calculator window. There are two syntax errors in this function. Fix them both.
5. The next section contains the clearCalculator() function to clear contents of the calculator window. There is one syntax error in this function. Locate and fix the error. 
6. Save your changes to the file and then open project02-05.html in your browser. Test your calculator by clicking the calculator buttons, verifying that you can enter expressions into the calculator window and evaluate those expressions by clicking the Enter button. Also, verify that you can clear the calculator window by clicking the C button. If the online calculator does not work correctly, use the browser console to locate and fix any undiscovered errors. 

